[Music]
so if you really want to take control of
your life the first thing that you have
to understand is how does my mind work
these modules are a distillation the
essence
of my personal journey to understand
myself
over the last two decades they're kind
of like a choose your own adventure
of understanding a particular topic
because in my experience as a
psychiatrist
the best outcomes come from educated
patients
and you are ultimately going to be the
most important part of your treatment
okay fine i'm in this place and this
place sucks what am i going to do about
it
now focus on building a healthy identity
of yourself
where you can learn to unconditionally
love yourself
if meditation has one good effect on the
brain it actually strengthens the hell
out of your frontal lobes
you have to let go of the entire
construction
right because what does it mean to have
fallen behind it's a construct of the
mind
what does it mean to catch up it's a
construct of the mind because think what
you're doing here right
you're doing so much problem solving
there's a certain
method there's a certain secret there's
a certain technique
to being able to find that peace in
spite of the emotion
we can go to the birth of that scar and
we can actually try to rewrite history a
little bit
change our minds conceptualization of
the truths that we learned in the past
that cause us suffering today